Adding the ability to not render the change events tab for the PagerDuty Card (#18880)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/clever-adults-add.md

> ---
> '@backstage/plugin-pagerduty': minor
> ---
> 
> Add new 'disableChangeEvents' attribute to PagerDuty Card to hide the Change Events tab and disable fetching of change events for the PagerDuty service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@backstage/plugin-pagerduty': patch
---

Add new `disableChangeEvents` prop to `EntityPagerDutyCard` to hide the Change Events tab and disable fetching of change events for the PagerDuty service.
```

Switching to `patch` since it's not breaking and the plugin is on 0.x
